frameworks/jekyll.md, before:

---
head:
  - - meta
    - name: description
      content: Coolify Documentation for Jekyll deployment
  - - meta
    - name: keywords
      content: coolify self-hosting django docker kubernetes vercel netlify heroku render digitalocean aws gcp azure jekyll dockerfile
  - - meta
    - name: twitter:card
      content: summary_large_image
  - - meta
    - name: twitter:site
      content: "@coolifyio"
  - - meta
    - name: twitter:title
      content: Coolify Documentation for Jekyll deployment
  - - meta
    - name: twitter:description
      content: Self-hosting with superpowers.
  - - meta
    - name: twitter:image
      content: https://coolcdn.b-cdn.net/assets/coolify/jekyll-og-image.png
  - - meta
    - property: og:type
      content: website
  - - meta
    - property: og:url
      content: https://coolify.io
  - - meta
    - property: og:title
      content: Coolify
  - - meta
    - property: og:description
      content: Self-hosting with superpowers.
  - - meta
    - property: og:site_name
      content: Coolify
  - - meta
    - property: og:image
      content: https://coolcdn.b-cdn.net/assets/coolify/jekyll-og-image.png
---

# Jekyll

Jekyll is a simple, blog-aware, static site generator for personal, project, or organization sites. Written in Ruby by Tom Preston-Werner, GitHub's co-founder, it is distributed under the open-source MIT license.

## Deploy with Nixpacks
Nixpacks needs a few prerequisites in your source code to deploy your Jekyll application. More info [here](https://nixpacks.com/docs/providers/ruby).

## Deploy with Dockerfile

If you want simplicity, you can use a Dockerfile to deploy your Jekyll application.

### Prerequisites
1. Set `Ports Exposes` field to `80`.
2. Create a `Dockerfile` in the root of your project with the following content:

```Dockerfile
FROM ruby:3.1.1 AS builder
RUN apt-get update -qq && apt-get install -y build-essential nodejs
WORKDIR /srv/jekyll
COPY Gemfile ./
RUN bundle install
COPY . .
RUN chown 1000:1000 -R /srv/jekyll
RUN bundle exec jekyll build -d /srv/jekyll/_site

FROM nginx:alpine
COPY --from=builder /srv/jekyll/_site /usr/share/nginx/html
EXPOSE 80
CMD ["nginx", "-g", "daemon off;"]
```
3. Set the buildpack to `Dockerfile`.

Commit message:

Update Jekyll Dockerfile to include Gemfile and Gemfile.lock

frameworks/jekyll.md, after:

---
head:
  - - meta
    - name: description
      content: Coolify Documentation for Jekyll deployment
  - - meta
    - name: keywords
      content: coolify self-hosting django docker kubernetes vercel netlify heroku render digitalocean aws gcp azure jekyll dockerfile
  - - meta
    - name: twitter:card
      content: summary_large_image
  - - meta
    - name: twitter:site
      content: "@coolifyio"
  - - meta
    - name: twitter:title
      content: Coolify Documentation for Jekyll deployment
  - - meta
    - name: twitter:description
      content: Self-hosting with superpowers.
  - - meta
    - name: twitter:image
      content: https://coolcdn.b-cdn.net/assets/coolify/jekyll-og-image.png
  - - meta
    - property: og:type
      content: website
  - - meta
    - property: og:url
      content: https://coolify.io
  - - meta
    - property: og:title
      content: Coolify
  - - meta
    - property: og:description
      content: Self-hosting with superpowers.
  - - meta
    - property: og:site_name
      content: Coolify
  - - meta
    - property: og:image
      content: https://coolcdn.b-cdn.net/assets/coolify/jekyll-og-image.png
---

# Jekyll

Jekyll is a simple, blog-aware, static site generator for personal, project, or organization sites. Written in Ruby by Tom Preston-Werner, GitHub's co-founder, it is distributed under the open-source MIT license.

## Deploy with Nixpacks
Nixpacks needs a few prerequisites in your source code to deploy your Jekyll application. More info [here](https://nixpacks.com/docs/providers/ruby).

## Deploy with Dockerfile

If you want simplicity, you can use a Dockerfile to deploy your Jekyll application.

### Prerequisites
1. Set `Ports Exposes` field to `80`.
2. Create a `Dockerfile` in the root of your project with the following content:

```Dockerfile
FROM ruby:3.1.1 AS builder
RUN apt-get update -qq && apt-get install -y build-essential nodejs
WORKDIR /srv/jekyll
COPY Gemfile Gemfile.lock ./
RUN bundle install
COPY . .
RUN chown 1000:1000 -R /srv/jekyll
RUN bundle exec jekyll build -d /srv/jekyll/_site

FROM nginx:alpine
COPY --from=builder /srv/jekyll/_site /usr/share/nginx/html
EXPOSE 80
CMD ["nginx", "-g", "daemon off;"]
```
3. Make sure you have a `Gemfile` and `Gemfile.lock` in the root of your project.
4. Set the buildpack to `Dockerfile`.
