index.md, before:

---
head:
  - - meta
    - name: description
      content: Coolify Documentation
  - - meta
    - name: keywords
      content: coolify self-hosting docker kubernetes vercel netlify heroku render digitalocean aws gcp azure
  - - meta
    - name: twitter:card
      content: summary_large_image
  - - meta
    - name: twitter:site
      content: '@coolifyio'
  - - meta
    - name: twitter:title
      content: Coolify Documentation
  - - meta
    - name: twitter:description
      content: Self-hosting with superpowers.
  - - meta
    - name: twitter:image
      content: https://cdn.coollabs.io/assets/coolify/og-image-docs.png
  - - meta
    - property: og:type
      content: website
  - - meta
    - property: og:url
      content: https://coolify.io
  - - meta
    - property: og:title
      content: Coolify
  - - meta
    - property: og:description
      content: Self-hosting with superpowers.
  - - meta
    - property: og:site_name
      content: Coolify
  - - meta
    - property: og:image
      content: https://cdn.coollabs.io/assets/coolify/og-image-docs.png
---
# Coolify

:::tip
This is the documentation of Coolify v4 beta. What you see here is not finished, could be changed overtime. 
:::

## What is Coolify?
Coolify is an all-in one PaaS that helps you to self-host your own applications, databases or services (like Wordpress, Plausible Analytics, Ghost) without managing your servers, also known as an open-source & self-hostable Heroku / Netlify / Vercel alternative.

Looking for the hosted cloud & paid version? [Here you go.](https://app.coolify.io)

## Features
- **BYOS:** Bring your own server from any cloud providers, or even your own server at home! All you need is SSH access. You will have full control over your server, and you can even use it for other purposes.
- **Server Automations:** Once you connected your server, Coolify will start managing it and do a lot of administrative tasks for you. You can also write your own scripts to automate your server.
- **No Vendor Lock-in:** You own your own data. All configurations saved on your own servers, so if you decide to stop using Coolify, you can still continue to manage your deployed resources.
- **Monitoring:** Coolify will automatically monitor your configured servers and deployed resources. Notifies you if something goes wrong on your favourite channels, like Discord, Telegram, via Email and more.
- **Automatic Backups:** We automatically backup your databases to any S3 compatible solution. If something goes wrong, you can easily restore your data with a few clicks.
- **Powerful API:** Programmatically deploy, query, and manage your servers & resources. Integrate to your CI/CD pipelines, or build your own custom integrations. 
- **Push to Deploy:** Git integration is default today. We support hosted (github.com, gitlab.com) or self-hosted (Github Enterprise, Gitlab) Git repositories.
- **Pull request Deployments:** Automagically deploy new commits and pull requests separately to quickly review contributions and speed up your teamwork!

:::warning
Some features are work in progress and will be available soon.
:::

Commit message:

Refactor Coolify documentation and installation instructions

index.md, after:

---
head:
  - - meta
    - name: description
      content: Coolify Documentation
  - - meta
    - name: keywords
      content: coolify self-hosting docker kubernetes vercel netlify heroku render digitalocean aws gcp azure
  - - meta
    - name: twitter:card
      content: summary_large_image
  - - meta
    - name: twitter:site
      content: '@coolifyio'
  - - meta
    - name: twitter:title
      content: Coolify Documentation
  - - meta
    - name: twitter:description
      content: Self-hosting with superpowers.
  - - meta
    - name: twitter:image
      content: https://cdn.coollabs.io/assets/coolify/og-image-docs.png
  - - meta
    - property: og:type
      content: website
  - - meta
    - property: og:url
      content: https://coolify.io
  - - meta
    - property: og:title
      content: Coolify
  - - meta
    - property: og:description
      content: Self-hosting with superpowers.
  - - meta
    - property: og:site_name
      content: Coolify
  - - meta
    - property: og:image
      content: https://cdn.coollabs.io/assets/coolify/og-image-docs.png
---
# Coolify


## What is Coolify?
Coolify is an all-in one PaaS that helps you to self-host your own applications, databases or services (like Wordpress, Plausible Analytics, Ghost) without managing your servers, also known as an open-source & self-hostable Heroku / Netlify / Vercel alternative.

Looking for the hosted cloud & paid version? [Here you go.](https://app.coolify.io)

## Features
- **BYOS:** You can use your own server from any cloud provider or even set up your own server at home as long as you have SSH access.
- **Push to Deploy:** Today, Git integration is the standard. We offer integration with hosted platforms such as GitHub, GitLab, Bitbucket, Gitea and more (even self-hosted).
- **No Vendor Lock-in:** You have full ownership of your data. All configurations are stored on your own servers, allowing you to manage your deployed resources even if you choose to stop using Coolify (oh nooo).
- **Server Automations:** After connecting your server, Coolify will take over management and handle various administrative tasks for you.
- **Monitoring:** Coolify will monitor your set servers and deployed resources automatically. It will alert you through your preferred channels such as Discord, Telegram, and email.
- **Multiple Deployment Endpoints:** You can deploy your resources to a single server, multiple servers, or Docker Swarm clusters seamlessly, based on your needs. (Kubernetes support is coming soon!)
- **Automatic Backups:** Your databases are automatically backed up to any S3 compatible solution. If an issue arises, you can effortlessly restore your data with just a few clicks.
- **Powerful API:** Programmatically deploy, query, and manage your servers and resources. Integrate with your CI/CD pipelines or build your own custom integrations, with Github Actions, Gitlab CI, Bitbucket Pipelines, or basically any CI/CD tool.
- **Pull request Deployments:** Automagically deploy new commits and pull requests separately to quickly review contributions and speed up your teamwork!
