docker/registry.md, before:

---
head:
  - - meta
    - name: description
      content: Coolify Documentation
  - - meta
    - name: keywords
      content: coolify self-hosting docker registry dockerhub ghcr.io kubernetes vercel netlify heroku render digitalocean aws gcp azure
  - - meta
    - name: twitter:card
      content: summary_large_image
  - - meta
    - name: twitter:site
      content: "@coolifyio"
  - - meta
    - name: twitter:title
      content: Coolify Documentation
  - - meta
    - name: twitter:description
      content: Self-hosting with superpowers.
  - - meta
    - name: twitter:image
      content: https://cdn.coollabs.io/assets/coolify/og-image-docs.png
  - - meta
    - property: og:type
      content: website
  - - meta
    - property: og:url
      content: https://coolify.io
  - - meta
    - property: og:title
      content: Coolify
  - - meta
    - property: og:description
      content: Self-hosting with superpowers.
  - - meta
    - property: og:site_name
      content: Coolify
  - - meta
    - property: og:image
      content: https://cdn.coollabs.io/assets/coolify/og-image-docs.png
---

# Docker Registries

You can easily push your built docker images to any docker registries with Coolify.

You just need to fill the `Docker Registry` fields in your service `General` configurations.

## Configuration
### Docker Image
If this field is set, Coolify will automatically push your built docker image to the specified docker registry.
> If the image is empty, Coolify won't push your built image.

### Docker Image Tag
If this field is set, Coolify will automatically push your built docker image with the specified tag to the specified docker registry + the git commit sha tag.

> If the tag is empty, Coolify only push your built image with the git commit sha tag.

## Docker Credentials

Docker credentials (from v4.0.0-beta.88) are used to authenticate with Docker registries to pull/push images.

If you want to authenticate Coolify with a Docker Registry:

1. Login on the server through SSH with the same user that configured for your server.

> Currently only `root` user is supported. Non-root users will be supported in the future.

2. Login to the Docker Registry normally: execute `docker login` command.

> You will be prompted to enter your Docker registry username and password/token - this can be varied depending on the Docker registry you are using.

Once you logged in, Coolify will automatically detect your credentials and use them.

## Swarm Mode
If you are deploying to a Swarm cluster, you need to make sure that your Docker Registry is accessible from all nodes in the cluster, workers and managers.

## Host your own registry
You can easily host your own registry, however, it will consume a lot of storages. 
 
You can find the one-click service in Coolify.

### Setup

You need to generate an user / password for the registry. 

You can generate one with an [online htpasswd generator](https://www.web2generators.com/apache-tools/htpasswd-generator) or [htpasswd](https://httpd.apache.org/docs/current/programs/htpasswd.html) command:

```bash
htpasswd -nbB test test
```

Then go to `Storages` menu, and in the `/auth/registry.password` file, simply add the generated user / password. One line per user.

:::tip
Do not forget to restart the registry.
:::

Commit message:

Update Docker Registry documentation with storage driver information

docker/registry.md, after:

---
head:
  - - meta
    - name: description
      content: Coolify Documentation
  - - meta
    - name: keywords
      content: coolify self-hosting docker registry dockerhub ghcr.io kubernetes vercel netlify heroku render digitalocean aws gcp azure
  - - meta
    - name: twitter:card
      content: summary_large_image
  - - meta
    - name: twitter:site
      content: "@coolifyio"
  - - meta
    - name: twitter:title
      content: Coolify Documentation
  - - meta
    - name: twitter:description
      content: Self-hosting with superpowers.
  - - meta
    - name: twitter:image
      content: https://cdn.coollabs.io/assets/coolify/og-image-docs.png
  - - meta
    - property: og:type
      content: website
  - - meta
    - property: og:url
      content: https://coolify.io
  - - meta
    - property: og:title
      content: Coolify
  - - meta
    - property: og:description
      content: Self-hosting with superpowers.
  - - meta
    - property: og:site_name
      content: Coolify
  - - meta
    - property: og:image
      content: https://cdn.coollabs.io/assets/coolify/og-image-docs.png
---

# Docker Registries

You can easily push your built docker images to any docker registries with Coolify.

You just need to fill the `Docker Registry` fields in your service `General` configurations.

## Configuration
### Docker Image
If this field is set, Coolify will automatically push your built docker image to the specified docker registry.
> If the image is empty, Coolify won't push your built image.

### Docker Image Tag
If this field is set, Coolify will automatically push your built docker image with the specified tag to the specified docker registry + the git commit sha tag.

> If the tag is empty, Coolify only push your built image with the git commit sha tag.

## Docker Credentials

Docker credentials (from v4.0.0-beta.88) are used to authenticate with Docker registries to pull/push images.

If you want to authenticate Coolify with a Docker Registry:

1. Login on the server through SSH with the same user that configured for your server.

> Currently only `root` user is supported. Non-root users will be supported in the future.

2. Login to the Docker Registry normally: execute `docker login` command.

> You will be prompted to enter your Docker registry username and password/token - this can be varied depending on the Docker registry you are using.

Once you logged in, Coolify will automatically detect your credentials and use them.

## Swarm Mode
If you are deploying to a Swarm cluster, you need to make sure that your Docker Registry is accessible from all nodes in the cluster, workers and managers.

## Host your own registry
You can easily host your own registry, however, it will consume a lot of storages as by default it stores images locally on the server. 

More info on how to set other storage drivers can be found in the [official documentation](https://distribution.github.io/distribution/storage-drivers/).
 
You can find the one-click service in Coolify.

### Setup

You need to generate an user / password for the registry. 

You can generate one with an [online htpasswd generator](https://www.web2generators.com/apache-tools/htpasswd-generator) or [htpasswd](https://httpd.apache.org/docs/current/programs/htpasswd.html) command:

```bash
htpasswd -nbB test test
```

Then go to `Storages` menu, and in the `/auth/registry.password` file, simply add the generated user / password. One line per user.

:::tip
Do not forget to restart the registry.
:::
